# Correlacion eneagrama mbti

hello and welcome back to the channel in this video today we are going to be discussing introducing, the correlations between the.
the myers-briggs And and Enneagram why? That is interesting and what it might mean to you.
Hi, my name is Sandy Crocker and I am excited that you're here.
here This is our first time meeting.
Welcome First.
Let me let you know.
I'm going to be leaving all of the websites and references that I use in today's video down in the description below.
Also, for this video, I will be putting putting in the description.
So, you'll be able to toggle around through the chapters and reference different sections at your leisure.
So I'm starting off on the PS types, , types blog It's titled titled and and Types.
Correlations, I'm just just going read the short little ditty, to introduce what we're talking about today.
Although, it was never possible to exclusively assign different, different type, to certain Enneagram points.
Extensive research has proven that a statistically significant correlation.
Does exist between the two.
Typologies different studies, studies somewhat different data.
However, there are many similarities among the results.
So today, we'll be focusing on the particular correlations that remain valid in a large number of cases.
The following table, reflects the research of many studies studies theories revealed to us by different experts.
And he mentions people such as Rizzo, Hudson, hudson and others.
I put the Myers-Briggs types in order of their prevalence, in each each anya from left to right from from frequency group.
So, for instance, and there's a whole chart with the the numbers, one through nine.
So for instance, I'm going to be focusing today specifically on fives but but all are nine.
He he listed all nine types in here as well.
So, for fives, introverted thinking, and introverted introverted often, INTP INTJ intj and.
and Sometimes as as i-n-f-p p e i-s-f-p-e-n t and then rarely,.
..
rarely e s t j e n t p e n f p e n f j e s f I, i s f j e s t and, and e s f p here's how i think that becomes not.
not just for myself Getting trying to get to know know better or or not getting to to to to know others around better better or to to learn how to communicate with the people I work with, or the family that I have.
Or however, we can use this in our everyday life.
But what what also interesting is these two correlations between the Myers-Briggs and the Enneagram to me is how how the the mist can happen.
This is is what like like says these correlation tables can be very useful when you're having some trouble.
Deciding your type.
Let's say, you know, your Enneagram point to be be and you can't decide between between e s f and and e s t According to the statistic.
The odds are, you're probably an, an e s t This doesn't mean for for certain that you are, but that there are higher chances That is what statistics can do for us.
And that's what I love is.
Especially after the video that I'll link above that talked about the differences between the the five four and the four wing five.
And then several people coming through and saying, hey, I'm an INFJ.
But does that match to a five or not and all of these things.
I think that's what statistics can do for us.
It's just, it's just a starting place.
There are of course exceptions.
Yes, we could tear this apart apart and if you've got better references, or better information than me, by all means, post it down below because we want to know about it.
But the danger is, is that? Because some of these studies are relying on all of the data being accurate, accurate lies, the first problem, right? Is that that's assuming that I have typed myself correctly in my Enneagram and that I've been properly typed in my Myers-Briggs.
So that goes without saying, Then you have who participates in these studies, right? I mean, we we can go down the whole scientific scientific research process to tear a lot of this apart.
For me, it's just kind of a baseline.
I'm not taking any of this, to be exactly.
You know, what is true or not? True.
And I'm certainly not here to tell anybody that they can't be this and this, it is just kind of a fascinating correlation that I thought I would share with you today.
The author then goes on to to some statistical survey data presented in the Enneagram monthly monthly from several years back.
back He's saying like for instance you know know an enneagram is mostly an an i type type a might be more of an an i type again.
All of these interesting correlations.
So, that is in the description below My next website that I'd like to share with.
You is from typology Triad.
It's a WordPress and this gets really interesting.
This author has the Myers-Briggs Enneagram Big big correlations.
And then also actually goes into.
Okay, the Enneagram and big five connections, providing some data data and.
and Correlations, does does impossible enneagram and and combos.
I think impossible is a very strong word word they do, and then, just for fun, also breaks down all of the, any any of the Myers-Briggs comment types,.
types So, for instance, I'm an INTJ, I've tested that multiple times over the the years.
I've taken this test and every single time INTJ.
So most common type type 5.
.
5 is 62 Very usual though can be one.
Rare would be, , be three four six and and nine incompatible at two and seven.
For instance, So if you have if you know your Myers-Briggs myers-briggs wants to check out somehow some of the data does correlate back to your your number.
This is a great place to start.
Okay, the third reference point that we have seems to be one that has.
The data has been being dropped into a lot of the groups that I've been in and it cites back to.
to I don't know if that's how you you pronounce elimona.com.
It was a master personality.
.
personality Survey report A correlation study was conducted to explore relationships between multiple popular personality, personality MBTI, mbti Big big temperaments, moral alignment, alignment houses divergence factions birth birth birth order, not birth odor, birth order and zodiac.
So if you want want nice little mix of all of the different things that are out there Here is.
One of them.
them Participants completed a self-reported online survey all typologies were found to be highly correlated with one another.
With exception of birth, order likely to be confounded by other variables and zodiac, which showed no correlations.
Very interesting.
It's funny the tag at the top of this also says, how to.
.
to human which is of of funny all right some the correlations that they show MBTI and.
and ennigam Trends, the type fives tend to be be Dominant types fours.
Tend to be INF x type.
Fives tend to be INT int x and then goes talks more about the knee feet.
All of those breaks.
Down MBTI Enneagram cognitive functions.
Dominant functions.
functions trends gets fun when it goes into the Hogwarts divergence, factions trends, and, of course, into the zodiac and birth order order trends so also.
But but found that this study has been referenced a lot when talking about.
Can you be this type? Can you be that type? What percentages of this are that, according to that, that it does.
does awaken It down by wings.
It has the strongest correlations for the five, five six being being i n t j i n t p i s t and and i s t for.
for five wing It has the strongest correlations being INTJ intj i n t p i n f and and i s t with a close running of an ESTJ.
Which the e fascinates me for for five.
I've been told they exist.
I just find that.
I just find that an interesting study.
Maybe I'll explore that that in a video.
I probably will, for the fourth reference from from Central.
There was an MBTI Enneagram correlation study and the data.
It does all nine types but specifically for fives, it puts in first position correlation the INTP then puts the second correlation as INTJ, followed by INFP.
And then in fourth fourth INFJ infj you want to check out any other numbers or see what else falls in in statistically speaking.
According to this data, then check out that study down below.
Okay, If you are new to the Enneagram but familiar with Myers-Briggs or familiar with Myers-Briggs and new to the Enneagram, I will place a card above my head with a video that will give a good introduction to both as soon as I have made that it is coming soon.
Now, I want to hear from you What interesting combinations.
Do you have what interesting combinations, have you heard of what other reference points, studies articles? Do you think that would contribute to this conversation? Please let me know in the comments below.
If you have found any of this interesting or helpful, please consider giving me a thumbs up.
If you'd like to stay connected.
Please hit that subscribe button.
Please take a look at the videos on your screen now and click on one of those.
I will see you in the