00:05
Just seen an introducing, the correlations between the Myers. And to be Enneagram why? That is interesting and what it might mean to you. Hi, my name is Sandy Crocker and I am excited that you're here. This is our first time meeting. Welcome First. Let me let you know. I'm going to be leaving all of the websites and references that I use in today's video down in the description below.

00:28
Also, for this video, I will be putting time stamps in the description. So, you'll be able to toggle around through the chapters and reference different sections at your leisure. So I'm starting off on the PS types, blogspot, It's titled Anygram and Myra's Brigg Types. Correlations, I'm just gonna read the short little ditty, to introduce what we're talking about today.

00:52
Although, it was never possible to exclusively assign different Myers, Briggs type, to certain Enneagram points. Extensive research has proven that a statistically significant correlation. Does exist between the two. Typologies different studies, proved somewhat different data. However, there are many similarities among the results. So today, we'll be focusing on the particular correlations that remain valid in a large number of cases.

01:19
The following table, reflects the research of many studies in theories revealed to us by different experts. And he mentions people such as Rizzo, Hudson, Wagle and others. I put the Myers-Briggs types in order of their prevalence, in each anyone from left to right from eight frequency group. So, for instance, and there's a whole chart with the engram numbers, one through nine.

01:41
So for instance, I'm going to be focusing today specifically on fives but they're all are nine. He is listed all nine types in here as well. So, for fives, introverted thinking, and introverted into tuition often, INTP INTJ ISTP INFJ and ISTJ. Sometimes as INFP ISFP ENTJ and then rarely ASTJ ENTP.

02:15
ENFP ENFJ, ESFJ ISFJ. ESTP and ESFP. Here's how I think that becomes fascinating, not just for myself and getting trying to get to know, myself better or not. Getting trying to get to know others around me better or to learn how to better communicate with the people I work with, or that's the family that I have.

02:40
Or however, we can use this in our everyday life. But what it's also interesting is these two correlations between the Myers-Briggs and the Enneagram to me is how how the mistypes can happen. This is my like we says these correlation tables can be very useful when you're having some trouble.

02:58
Deciding your type. Let's say, you know, your Enneagram point to be 8 and you can't decide between ESFJ and ESTJ According to the statistic. The odds are, you're probably an ESTJ, This doesn't mean for a hundred percent certain that you are, but that there are higher chances That is what statistics can do for us.

03:21
And that's what I love is. Especially after the video that I'll link above that talked about the differences between the five-wing four and the four wing five. And then several people coming through and saying, hey, I'm an INFJ. But that does that match to a five or not and all of these things.

03:40
I think that's what statistics can do for us. It's just, it's just a starting place. There are of course exceptions. Yes, we could tear this apart and if you've got better references, or better information than me, by all means, post it down below because we want to know about it.

03:56
But the danger is, is that? Because some of these studies are relying on all of the data being accurate, very lies, the first problem, right? Is that that's assuming that I have typed myself correctly in my Enneagram and that I've been properly typed in my Myers-Briggs. So that goes without saying, Then you have who participates in these studies, right?

04:19
I mean, we can go down the whole scientific research process to tear a lot of this apart. For me, it's just kind of a baseline. I'm not taking any of this, to be exactly. You know, what is true or not? True. And I'm certainly not here to tell anybody that they can't be this and this, it is just kind of a fascinating correlation that I thought I would share with you today.

04:43
The author then goes on to site some statistical survey data presented in the Enneagram monthly from several years back. He's saying like for instance you know and anygram four is mostly an eye and type of five might be more of an IT type again. All of these interesting correlations.

05:02
So, that is in the description below My next website that I'd like to share with. You is from typology Triad. It's a WordPress and this gets really interesting. This author has the Myers-Briggs Enneagram Big 5 correlations. And then also actually goes into. Okay, the Enneagram and big five connections, providing some data and BTI and anygram.

05:31
Correlations, It does site impossible enneagram and Meyer's Briggs combos. I think impossible is a very strong word they do, and then, just for fun, also breaks down all of the, any of the Myers-Briggs comment types, common. So, for instance, I'm an INTJ, I've tested that multiple times over the years.

06:01
I've taken this test and every single time INTJ. So most common type type 5. It's 62%. Very usual though can be one. Rare would be 3 4, 6, 8 and 9 it incompatible at two and seven. For instance, So if you have if you know your Myers-Briggs it wants to check out somehow some of the data does correlate back to your any realm number.

06:28
This is a great place to start. Okay, the third reference point that we have seems to be one that has. The data has been being dropped into a lot of the groups that I've been in and it cites back to aliamona. I don't know if that's how you pron elimona.com.

06:46
It was a master personality. Typeology. Survey report A correlation study was conducted to explore relationships between multiple popular personality, typalities MBTI Enneagrams, Big 5 temperaments, moral alignment Hogwart's, houses divergence factions birth owner birth order, not birth odor, birth order and zodiac. So if you want to nice little mix of all of the fit different things that are out there Here is.

07:18
One of them 3,491. Participants completed a self-reported online survey all typologies were found to be highly correlated with one another. With exception of birth, order likely to be confounded by other variables and zodiac, which showed no correlations. Very interesting. It's funny that the tag at the top of this also says, how to heal.

07:47
All right. Some of the correlations that they show MBTI and anygam Thames. Trends, the type fives tend to be T. Dominant types fours. Tend to be INF x type. Fives tend to be INT X. I'm gonna goes talks more about the knee feet. All of those breaks. Down MBTI Enneagram cognitive functions.

08:16
Dominant functions. Templement trends gets fun when it goes into the Hogwarts divergence, factions trends, and, of course, into the zodiac and birth order also. But I found that this study has been referenced a lot when talking about. Can you be this type? Can you be that type? What percentages of this are that, according to that illemona, it does wake.

08:41
It break it down by wings. It has the strongest correlations for the five wings, six being INTJ IMTP ISTJ and ISTP for 5.4. It has the strongest correlations being INTJ INTP INFJ and IS TP with a close running of an ESTJ. Which the e fascinates me for anygram five.

09:18
I've been told they exist. I just find that. I just find that an interesting study. Maybe I'll explore that video. I probably will, for the fourth reference from typology Central. There was an MBTI Enneagram correlation study and the data. It does all nine types but specifically for fives, it puts in first position correlation the INTP then puts the second correlation as INTJ, followed by INFP.

09:53
And then in fourth INFJ Do you want to check out any other numbers or see what else falls in their statistically speaking. According to this data, then check out that study down below. Okay, If you are new to the Enneagram but familiar with Myers-Briggs or familiar with Myers-Briggs and new to the Enneagram, I will place a card above my head with a video that will give a good introduction to both as soon as I have made that it is coming soon.

10:25
Now, I want to hear from you What interesting combinations. Do you have what interesting combinations, have you heard of what other reference points, studies articles? Do you think that would contribute to this conversation? Please let me know in the comments below. If you have found any of this interesting or helpful, please consider giving me a thumbs up.

10:43
If you'd like to stay connected. Please hit that subscribe button. Please take a look at the videos on your screen now and click on one of those. I will see you in the next video.